==========Important : Read carefully===========

The Actionnaire is a free, open source, financial game
which is released under the terms of the FreEPOC 
Open Source License. Neither the author nor FreEpoc
can be held responsible for financial, physical, moral or
any other kind of damage that use (or misuse) of this 
softwar and/or it's source could cause.If you accept to
continue the installation of this software, you are 
implicitly accepting the conditions mentionned above
and below.

=========FreEPOC Open Source License========
1. Preamble
The intent of this document is to state the
conditions under which a package may be copied, such
that the copyright holder maintains some semblance
of artistic control over the development of the
package, while giving the users of the package the
right to use and distribute the package in a more
or-less customary fashion, plus the right to make
reasonable modifications.

2. Definitions

	"Package" refers to the collection of files
distributed by the copyright holder, and derivatives
of that collection of files created through textual
modification. 
	"Standard Version" refers to such a package if it
has not been modified, or has been modified in
accordance with the wishes of the Copyright Holder. 
	"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the
copyright or copyrights for the package. 
	"You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or
distributing this package. 
	"Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can
justify to the copyright holder on the basis of
media cost, duplication charges, time of people
involved, and so on. 
	"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged
for the item itself, though there may be fees
involved in handling the item. It also means that
recipients of the item may redistribute it under the
same conditions they received it. 

3.
You may make and give away verbatim copies of the
source form of the standard version of this package
without restriction, provided that you duplicate all
of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers.

4.
You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other
modifications derived from the public domain or from
the copyright holder. A package modified in such a
way shall no longer be considered the standard
version until it is approved by the copyright
holder.

5.
You may otherwise modify your copy of this package
in any way, provided that you insert a prominent
notice in each changed file stating how and when you
changed that file, and provided that you do at least
one of the following: 

place your modifications in the public domain or
otherwise make them freely available, such as by
posting said modifications to Usenet or an
equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on a
major archive site such as www.epocsoftware.com, or
by allowing the copyright holder to include your
modifications in the standard version of the
package. 
use the modified package only within your
corporation or organization. 
rename any non-standard executables so the names do
not conflict with standard executables, which must
also be provided, and provide a separate
documentation for each non-standard executable that
clearly documents how it differs from the standard
version. 
make other distribution arrangements with the
copyright holder. 
The package's / application's UID number is for the
standard package only. Any modifications should be
accompanied by a new UID obtained by yourself. 

6.
You may distribute the programs of this package in
object code or executable form, provided that you do
at least one of the following: 

distribute a standard version of the executables and
library files, together with instructions (in the
documentation) on where to get the standard version.
accompany the distribution with the machine-readable
source of the package with your modifications. 
accompany any non-standard executables with their
corresponding standard version executables, giving
the non-standard executables non-standard names, and
clearly stating the differences in the
documentation, together with instructions on where
to get the standard version. 
make other distribution arrangements with the
copyright holder. 

7.
You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any
distribution of this package. You may charge any fee
you choose for support of this package. You may not
charge a fee for this package itself. However, you
may distribute this package in aggregate with other
(possibly commercial) programs as part of a larger
(possibly commercial) software distribution provided
that you do not advertise this package as a product
of your own.

8.
The output from the programs of this package does
not automatically fall under the copyright of this
package, but belongs to whomever generated it, and
may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with
this package.

9.
PlugIns and tools supplied by you and linked into
this package shall not be considered part of this
package.

10.
The name of the copyright holder may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

11. Legal Disclaimer
THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

12. Origin of this License
This license has been derived from the "Artistic
License" of the Perl development team. You can get a
copy of this and other Open Source licenses from
http://www.opensource.org